# MyCart

You have to build a CLI (Command Line Interface) based E-commerce app called MyCart which has
the following 2 flows.
# User Flow:
- Users should be able to view the list of multiple categories.
- Users should be able to view all the products under a particular category.
- Users should be able to view product details.
- Users should be able to add products to Cart.
- Users should be able to buy multiple products from the Cart.
- Users should be able to remove products from the Cart.
- If the final billing amount is greater than Rs 10,000 then Rs 500 OFF should be given to the user.
- If the final billing amount is less than Rs 10,000 then no discount should be given to the user.
- Bill should be generated for multiple product purchases showing the actual amount, discounted
amount, and the final amount.

# Admin Flow:
- Admin should be able to add categories and products.
- Admin should be able to see details of the products added to the cart by the user.
- Admin should be able to see all the bills generated by all the users.

# Folder Stucture
- MyCart -> Code 
- Admin.py : Manage Admin Functionality.
- Agrument.py : Manage All Custom Command which are use to execute project.
- config.json : Manage Configuration of database.
- db.py : Manage database connectivity.
- User.py : Manage User Functionality.
- MyCart.py : This is main file which manage all above file.

# How to get Command list
- go to respective directory.
- open teriminal or command promt and type below command.
- python MyCart.py --help or -h

# How to run Project
- go to respective directory.
- open teriminal or command promt and type below command.
- python MyCart.py [command] [value 1] [value 2] ... [value N].
